Minor doc tweaking (#110)
timholy/SnoopCompile.jl: docs/src/snoopr.md

```

Invalidations occur when there is a danger that new methods would supersede older methods in previously-compiled code.

> To record the invalidations caused by defining new methods, use the following syntax:

Reviewer: Since you're providing a little more explanation about what's going on...technically, `@snoopr` does the recording, `invalidation_trees` does the analysis.

Author: Does it look better now?
https://github.com/timholy/SnoopCompile.jl/pull/110/commits/82973b03520aafe9e6ad89876cea900a4ef7f692

```

Invalidations occur when there is a danger that new methods would supersede older methods in previously-compiled code.

To record the invalidations caused by defining new methods, use `@snoopr` from SnoopCompileCore:
```julia
using SnoopCompileCore
invalidations = @snoopr begin
 # new methods definition
end
```

> and use `invalidation_trees` fomr SnoopCompileAnalysis to make the `trees`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and use `invalidation_trees` from SnoopCompileAnalysis to aggregate the information as a collection of [tree structures](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tree_structure):
```

You can see that collectively more than a thousand independent compiled methods needed to be invalidated; indeed, the last
entry alone invalidates 1027 method instances:

> ```julia

Reviewer: I thought this is the default for Documenter (not for GitHub), but now I can't find evidence of that.

Author: I guess it is better to stay on the safe side 😁

  container::Array{AbstractFloat,1}

Body::Int64

>     @ REPL[3]:1 within callf

Reviewer: Prints with the backticks for me?

Author: This backtick breaks the code blocks of the markdown. I thought removing it does not change the content much 🤔 
Can we escape ` ?
